MY NOTES

The Dungeon Game is a command line game created by Steve Summit. The basic version of the game allows an imaginary character to move between different rooms.You can type commands such as "north"("n"), "south"("s"), "east"("e") and "west"("w") to make a move and you can also pickup objects and move them around the rooms by using the commands "take" and "drop".

As the C Programming Course progresses, students are required to integrate the files included on the weekly folders and add new features to the game such as directions commands, rooms, actions, objects and descriptions by making use of structures, pointers, functions, input files, etc.

I'm having a good time understanding the program flow and troubleshooting some discrepancies between the code provided and the assignment objectives. The continuoustly bugging Access Violation errors have force me to gain better understanding of memory allocation. Some of my own innocent typing mistakes or code misconceptions have let me to follow the main thread process more carefully. Inyecting printf code along the lines helps to narrow down issues or prove my own theories, but in the end it's better to have a broad general understanding of what the code is doing before jumping into conclusions.

ASSIGNMENT 1

Added a long description field to the object and room structures.
Added "examine" and "look" commands.
"examine" shows the description of the object in the room or the actor's posessions
"look" prints the room descriptions

ASSIGNMENT 2

Added dungeon.dat file that is parsed to create rooms, objects and descriptions structure instances
Implemented a way or those long descriptions to be read from the data file
Added new command directions and room structure possibilities such as "northwest" ("nw"), "southwest" ("sw"), "up" and "down" exits



--------------------------------------------
INSTRUCTOR NOTES

Files for "Intermediate C Programming"
UW Experimental College
Winter, 1999
Steve Summit

The top-level directory (the one containing this README file)
contains the source files for the first (week 1) version of the
game.  The week# directories contain additional code we'll be
adding in the weeks to come.

You can either grab the files one at a time, or download the
single file game.tar.Z, which is a compressed archive of all of
them.  If you grab this file, remember to use ftp "binary" mode.
After retrieving it, you can uncompress it and extract the
archive contents with the commands

	uncompress game.tar.Z
	tar xvf game.tar

(These invocations assume you're on a Unix system, although
versions of the commands exist for other operating systems as
well.  If you don't have the uncompress command, try using gunzip.)
